[Applause]
besides meets emergency special
businessman hey get off FBI you might
want to stay out of this all right sir
all right I was late eight double tall
latte one mouthful special agent Gracie
Hart
is as tough as nails she's got a lot of
rage and she's completely unpolished
honey are you a lesbian dad but when the
FBI needs an undercover agent the bomb
has picked another target we have
ourselves a national emergency
the Miss United States pageant the only
man for the job is a woman you do a few
but shaping exercises tighten this up
you could pull this off
let's go girls these people want to put
one of their agents in the pageant do
you have an agent in mind sorry
she doesn't look the part there's no way
on earth that I can make this one we're
ready in two days she's dirty Harriet
she doesn't act the part come on have
some good night Joan some girl talk it's
light beer and she's gonna throw it up
anyway she doesn't want the part I'm not
gonna parade around in a swimsuit like
some airhead bimbo describe your perfect
date
I'd have to say April 25th but she's
about to prove anything is possible
I kept showing my hair I haven't slept
all night I'm starved and I'm armed
don't mess with me
this December doing a great job
get ready for the new face of the FBI of
course he had a gun this is Texas
everybody has a gun my florist has a gun
Miss Congeniality what is the one thing
our society needs world peace well peace
world peace harsher punishment for
parole violator Stan and world peace
[Applause]
[Music]